Projman is (c) 2004-2007 Logilab and is available under the Gnu Public
Licence.

You can get information on Projman on
http://www.logilab.org/projects/projman/

OVERVIEW
--------

  Projman is a tool for project management and diagrams creation, as
  Gantt diagram and resources activities diagram. It includes lots of
  functionnalties as conversion format between some softs, planning of
  project's tasks, diagrams generation and finally special views for
  call tenders utilities.  All different format and output are XML
  files.

  Here follows a list of the functionalities of projman. Each command
    passed with out argument prints an help page providing details
    with the options of this command.  

    projman -d (--diagram)
        to generate diagrams (resources, gantt, etc.)

    projman -s (--schedule, --plan)
        to schedule project

    projman -x (--xml-view, --xml-doc)
        to generate xml views (task summary, cost tables, list of tasks)
        
    projman -V (--version)
        to print version of installed projman

    projman -H (--help)
        to get more help

  This overview may be printed anytime by calling just 'projman'


At each funtionnality of projman cooresponds a mode and specific
options we will describe now.

PLANNING
--------

  Use projman --schedule (or projman -s) for a list of supported
  options for planning action.

  The aim of planning is to order the tasks of a projet between
  themselves according to constraint of date or constraint between
  tasks and to take in account in the same time of resources
  disponibilities.  It produces a XML file containing all informations
  necessary for diagrams creation, as begin and end date for a task,
  and a list of planned activities for resources concerned by the
  project.

DIAGRAM
-------

  Use projman --diagram (or projman -d) for a list of supported
  options for diagrams generation.

  You can obtain tree differents types of diagram for a planned project:

    - Gantt diagram: its summarizes the results of planning for a
      project;

    - Resources diagram: its summarizes the activities of each
      resources concerned by the project and gives a global view for
      resource disponibility;

    - Gantt and Resources diagram: combines the last two diagrams with
      just a global view for resources activities.
  
  For each diagram, an image is generated. The fomrat availabel are:
  png, gif, jpeg and tiff.


XMLDOC
------ 

  Use projman --xml-view (or projman -x) for a list of supported
  options for XML document creation.

  This is a specific use of Projman to answer call for tenders. This
  proposes tree view (each in XML file according to DocBook DTD):

    - list: its summarizes the tasks contained in the project;

    - cost: its summarizes the costs for each task of the project, the
      global cost in euros by example and the cost for each resource in
      days;

    - date: its summarizes the begin and end dates for the planned
      tasks.
  
  Each view can be translated in pdf by using an appropriate
  stylesheet and FOP.
  

If you have any questions, please mail management-projects@logilab.org
for support.

Sandrine Ribeau
Emmanuel Bréton
